okay um I finally got my bad awful
juggernaut pick up in took a little
while longer than usual um but just just
to throw it out there I did buy it
originally for my orange strat in the
back and I do still plan on trying it
out in there because it does need
something but I figured I'd try it out
in this the new Les Paul I have just for
the hell of it so so like the spacing if
the spacing is like the wider space and
that's meant for fenders so if I do want
to put a juggernaut in this I'll
probably just go with like the order
another one and get like the regular
spacing in it but whatever anyway I did
get some suggestions of just rifts to
play to try and get like an idea of how
it does sound on the bare knuckle forum
so I'm just going to be around
with some stuff and well see what you
think I think it's a pretty freakin
awesome so here we go
you
it isn't standard tuning right now I
definitely do think it sounds a little
bit better and the lower tunings I know
it's pretty much what it was meant for
but I mean I still think it does sound
good in standard tuning too
so you kind of get an idea of how it
does sound with like a really heavy
sound I'll drop it down just a little
bit
drop it down a little lower
you
and just the normal clean setting so
here we go
you
so that's pretty much there all I really
got to show for this one um like I said
I do plan on putting this pickup into
the stratosphere know in here in the end
I really don't know what I'm gonna do
yet but like I said I do really like the
way it sounds and hopefully I like the
way it sounds on the strat if I don't
like the way it sounds and strength and
I'll just put it back in here so thanks
for watching if you got any questions or
suggestions or anything just leave it in
the video comments and thanks for
watching